docs: update installation to cover the Action and to receive updates (#523)
slsa-framework/slsa-verifier: README.md

#### Option 1: Install via go

If you want to install the verifier, you can run the following command:
```bash
$ go install github.com/slsa-framework/slsa-verifier/v2/cli/slsa-verifier@v2.0.1
$ slsa-verifier <options>
```

> Tools like [dependabot](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/dependabot/dependabot-version-updates/configuring-dependabot-version-updates) or [renovate](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate) use your project's go.mod to identify the version of your dependencies. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tools like [dependabot](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/dependabot/dependabot-version-updates/configuring-dependabot-version-updates) or [renovate](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate) use your project's go.mod to identify the version of your Go dependencies. 
```

> If you install the verifier in CI, we strongly recommend you follow the steps below to keep the verifier up-to-date:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you install the verifier binary in CI, we strongly recommend you create a placeholder `go.mod` containing slsa-verifier as a dependency to receive updates and keep the binary up-to-date. Use the following the steps:
```

just to distinguish from the slsa-verifier action

> 1. Create a tooling/slsa-verifier.go file containing the following:

Reviewer 2: nit: I want to say that folks used to use this pattern with a file name like `*_test.go` for a reason, but it escapes me what that reason is. In any case you probably want to name the file like `tools.go` and that way they can list any CLI tools they need in the same file.

Also, Go doesn't really like file names with hyphen in them, but I don't think it really matters so much in this case.

Author: updated the filename.

```go
//go:build tools
// +build tools

package main

import (
	_ "github.com/slsa-framework/slsa-verifier/v2/cli/slsa-verifier"
)
```

1. Run the following commands. (It will create a go.sum file.)
```bash
$ go mod init <your-project-name>-tooling
$ go mod tidy
```

1. Commit the tooling folder (containing the 3 files slsa-verifier.go, go.mod and go.sum) to the repository.
1. To install the verifier in your CI, run the following commands:
```bash
$ cd tooling

> $ go install github.com/slsa-framework/slsa-verifier/v2/cli/slsa-verifier

Reviewer 2: FWIW, `go install github.com/slsa-framework/slsa-verifier/v2/cli/slsa-verifier` can be run from anywhere. I think you want to do something like `go install .` which will install all of the tooling listed in your `tools.go` or whatever.

Author: I tried `go install .` and it did not work: `import "github.com/slsa-framework/slsa-verifier/v2/cli/slsa-verifier" is a program, not an importable package`. I've replaced the command with `grep _ tooling_test.go | cut -f2 -d '"' | xargs -n1 -t go install`. ptal

Reviewer: will merge for the RC, @ianlewis if you have feedback let me know

Reviewer 2: I kind of thought there was a more convenient way of installing them but maybe I'm misremembering. It's been a while since I've seen/used this pattern.
